{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9320\viewh11720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Joe's Filters\

\f1\i\b0\fs26 www.joesfilters.com\

\f2\i0\fs24 \
Thank you for trying out the latest beta release of Joe's Filters. These filters are just some of what I've been working towards for the past two years and am looking forward to your feedback. \
\
The contents of this release are the effects which were in good enough shape to release -- this is not the complete set. Many more effects are in various states of completion, but I always seem to be almost ready to release something and I wanted to get these out now.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs30 About the beta:\

\f2\b0\fs24 Everything may change, names, controls, features, sets, whatever. \
\
Please remember that this is beta software and likely contain some bugs. FXScript plugins have no access to disks or data outside of FCP, so the only significant risk is that FCP might crash. Please backup your project files before trying these out and use them at your own risk.\
\
These effects have only been tested on FCP 5.0.3, some effects may not work with earlier versions of FCP and FCE.\
\
All the transitions share a common transition core which can apply the effect as a whole frame effect or replicated inside a bunch of gridded cells across the frame.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs30 What's Here:\

\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b Joe's 3D Spinner\

\f2\b0 A true 3D spin effect with a simple lighting model. To transition from A to B, make sure either the X or Y rotation value ends in 0.5 (a half-turn). \
\

\f0\b Joe's Aspect Matte\

\f2\b0 A spinoff from the Widescreen Matte, this quickly generates a widescreen matte from a large set of common widescreen aspect ratios. \

\f0\b \
Joe's Blit Squish\

\f2\b0 A quirky little transition which grew out of a scaling experiment I was working on. Cells can be squashed vertically, horizontally or both directions. \
\

\f0\b Joe's Border Fader\

\f2\b0 Another transition, this one draws a variable width border (or no border) around a simple fade. The border width is based on the amount of transition completion for the cell. Sounds simple, but has a cool look I haven't seen before.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Channel Viewer\

\f2\b0 A utility plugin for examining the four color channels of a frame. YUV/RGB aware, 1-up or 4-up, channels in color or gray.\
\

\f0\b Joe's De-Interlacer\

\f2\b0 Even better than before. Completely re-written, this has twice as many lines of code yet gained about 20-25% speed boost. The motion difference engine was also simplified and optimized. \

\f0\b \
Joe's Dot Toy\

\f2\b0 This was a testing generator for a defocus filters I've been working on. Rings of dots  with a variety of animation parameters, fun to play around with.\
\

\f0\b Joe's De-Multiplexer\

\f2\b0 Unless you're into video forensics and surveillance, this probably won't be of any use. If you are working with Multiplexed security video, please drop me a note, I really want your feedback on this one. joe@joemaller.com\
\

\f0\b Joe's Fade In-n-Out\

\f2\b0 This is meant to simplify the fading in and out of supers over a main video track. Just drop it on a clip and set the head and tail fade durations. Fades are eased for more natural transitions. (The name will be changing, the burger people can save the call to their lawyers. Suggestions are welcome.)\
\

\f0\b Joe's Field Blender\

\f2\b0 Now with the same new Motion Differencing engine built into De-Interlacer (a feature long overdue). Field bouncing has also been eliminated.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Field Expander\

\f2\b0 A significantly better looking slowdown effect, this re-assigns the playback length of each field. Vertical field alignment and motion differencing are applied for smoother playback.  This can also be used for video analysis since it separates the original fields for easier viewing.\

\f0\b \
Joe's Film Dissolve\

\f2\b0 This simulates a film-like mixing of images much more closely than a standard dissolve. Looks great for long fades.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Pulldown Adjuster\

\f2\b0 This is a very simple, very, very efficient tool for tweaking various NTSC pulldown formats. Switch between any phase of standard or advanced pulldown to any other phase of standard or advanced pulldown. This is a real gem and I'm really proud of how well it works and how fast it renders.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Time Ramper\

\f2\b0 A significant modification to Time Bender, this is specifically designed for ramping to and from 100% playback. Also adds a virtual open shutter so faster than realtime playback gets a camera-like motion blur. Should also work in FCExpress.\
 \

\f0\b Joe's Temporal Replicator\

\f2\b0 This is a time-based gridding effect. Any number of frames can be show simultaneously, with varying amounts of time between sampling points.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Widescreen Matte\

\f2\b0 A 'Render-less' widescreen generator, this is so efficient that it  plays back in real-time on most systems even in SafeRT.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Y/C Corrector\

\f2\b0 I've been promising to break this out of Broadcast Legalizer for years. A very fast tool for correcting misaligned Luma/Chroma, a frequent problem when dealing with older analog formats.\
\
\
More to come...\
\
\
\
Where's Everything Converter and the Camera Blur plugin?\
Neither of these are working to my satisfaction yet.  As soon as they're ready I'll add them to the beta download on the Joe's Filters web site.\
\
\
\
Please send me any questions, suggestions or problems you find with these. A feedback form for each filter will be added to the Joe's Filters site in the immediate future.\
\
\
Thank you and have fun editing,\
\
joe\
\
Joe's Filters\
\'a9 2000-2005 Joe Maller}