{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh14920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Joe's Filters Beta - Feb 15, 2005\

\f1\i\b0\fs26 www.joesfilters.com\

\f2\i0\fs24 \
Thank you for trying out the first beta release of Joe's Filters. I've been working towards this for the past two years and am looking forward to your feedback. \
\
The contents of this release are the effects which were in good enough shape to release -- this is not the complete set. Many more effects are in various states of completion, but I've been promising a release for way too long and I wanted to get something out now.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs30 About the beta:\

\f2\b0\fs24 Everything may change, names, controls, features, sets, whatever. \
\
Please remember that this is beta software and likely contain some bugs. FXScript plugins have no access to disks or data outside of FCP, so the only significant risk is that FCP might crash. Please backup your project files before trying these out and use them at your own risk.\
\
These effects have only been tested on FCP 4.5HD, some effects may not work with earlier versions of FCP and FCE.\
\
All the transitions share a common transition core which can apply the effect as a whole frame effect or replicated inside a bunch of gridded cells across the frame.\
\
\
New in this version\
\
Joe's Dot Toy\
This grew out of an intermediate step towards another tool which was just sort of beautiful so I turned it into a generator. It could probably be used as a countdown, or some sort of monitor or something. Ideas for additional modifications are welcome.\
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs30 What's Here:\

\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b Joe's 3D Spinner\

\f2\b0 A true 3D spin effect with a simple lighting model. To transition from A to B, make sure either the X or Y rotation value ends in 0.5 (a half-turn). \
\

\f0\b Joe's Blit Squish\

\f2\b0 A quirky transition which grew out of a scaling experiment I was working on. Cells can be squashed vertically, horizontally or both directions. \
\

\f0\b Joe's Border Fader\

\f2\b0 Another transition, this one draws a variable width border around a simple fade. The border width is based on the amount of transition completion for the cell. Sounds simple, but has a cool look.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Channel Viewer\

\f2\b0 A utility plugin for examining the four color channels of a frame. YUV/RGB aware.\
\

\f0\b Joe's De-Interlacer\

\f2\b0 Even better than before. Completely re-written, this has twice as many lines of code yet gained about 20-25% speed boost. The motion difference engine was also simplified and optimized. \
\

\f0\b Joe's De-Multiplexer\

\f2\b0 Unless you're into video forensics and surveilance, this probably won't be of any use. If you are working with Multiplexed security video, please drop me a note, I really want your feedback. joe@joemaller.com\
\

\f0\b Joe's Field Blender\

\f2\b0 Now with the same new Motion Differencing engine built into De-Interlacer (a feature long overdue). Field bouncing has also been eliminated.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Field Expander\

\f2\b0 A significantly better looking slowdown effect, this re-assigns the playback length of each field. Vertical positioning and motion differencing are applied for the smooth natural looking playback.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Pulldown Adjuster\

\f2\b0 This is a very simple, very, very efficient tool for tweaking various NTSC pulldown formats. Switch between any phase of standard or advanced pulldown to any other phase of standard or advanced pulldown. This is a real gem and I'm really proud of how well it works and how fast it renders.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Temporal Replicator\

\f2\b0 This is a time-based gridding effect. Any number of frames can be show simultaneously, with varying amounts of time between sampling points.\
\

\f0\b Joe's Widescreen Matte\

\f2\b0 A 'Render-less' widescreen generator, this is so efficient that it  plays back in real-time on most systems even in SafeRT.\
\
\
More to come...\
\
\
\
Where's Everything Converter?\
I made a last minute decision to hold Everything Converter back since several key features weren't working as well as I wanted. As soon as it is ready I'll add it to the beta download on the Joe's Filters web site.\
\
\
\
Please send me any questions, suggestions or problems you find with these. A beta forum should be added to the Joe's Filters site in the next week or so.\
\
\
Joe's Filters\
\'a9 2000-2005 Joe Maller}